everyone this is max Smith reviewing for
video games blogger com in today's video
I'll be talking about Leon's chapter of
Resident Evil 6 I do plan on giving its
chapter the attention it deserves or
reviewing each segment in future videos
before rounding up my overall thoughts
in a final episode to watch out for more
res videos on the way in this chapter
another bioterrorist attack strikes
before President Adam Benford can come
clean to the public about the raccoon
city event of 1998 leaving poor Leon
Kennedy and Helena Harper to fight for
survival and piece together this new
puzzle there's a whole lot of mystery in
this chapter twists and turns handful of
laughs a little bit of heart and a lot
of action just watching the story unfold
just enjoying the ride is part of what
makes the narrative experience in this
chapter so enjoyable the story moves
along at a nice pace and there are just
enough cutscenes to move the story
forward they didn't bog the player down
in length the dialogue was a little less
hokey than your average capcom romp and
the voice actors really stepped up their
game in this installment delivering
believable performances there are a few
bones of contention but nothing
unforgivable survivors for example may
as well have been the star trek
equivalent of the red uniformed extras
there to prove how dangerous the
situation is and to act as a vehicle for
the main protagonist to show their best
or worst size which did get a little
predictable over time the narrative
aspect of Leon's chapter was thoroughly
enjoyable I felt old characters return
in glorious Technicolor and new
additions to the cast aren't wasted I
felt like the developers to turn to the
Uncharted formula in this chapter to
great ends it really adds sort of
cinematic blockbuster feel to this
segment not just concerning the
narrative I also want to say that I
thought the story line started off quite
slow in Leon's chapter but it really
ramps up in the last half or so to
blinding heights
in Leon's chapter I was personally
expecting a lot of crate smashing
occasional emblem shooting combined with
some exploration kick-ass melee moves
questionable partner AI the odd puzzle
and that's basically what you get with a
few notable changes here in that the
balances of what I expected with combat
playing a slightly larger role leaving
other aspects to take more of a backseat
shooting from the hip or quick firing
was handy during regular chunks of
action as was moving around and firing
when stuck on your back as a vast array
of enemies to fight to from small and
medium fry of the undead variety to
statue traps and mutated naked ladies
and left for dead style great
considering that this chapter is combat
heavy in most areas partner AI was the
best I'd seen from Resident Evil in a
long time responsive helpful and all the
things say sheva alomar was not skill
points play an integral part in Resident
Evil 6 and can be found everywhere as
can the usual pickups the overall
difficulty levels weren't insulting
either there were a few things about the
gameplay that I didn't understand like
the inclusion of snakes and chickens to
sheet which in Resident Evil 4 would
have awarded you health egg or another
item drop but in Resident Evil 6 there
was no rhyme or reason that I could see
and no reward I also didn't like the
fact that you couldn't traditionally
pause the game from the pop-up menu
dashing running really fast was often
way more trouble than it was worth and I
had a really hard time climbing with the
left trigger and right trigger buttons
Leon's chapter plays very much like
resident evil 4 but I wouldn't say that
it necessarily exceeds that experience a
few things have been changed but those
changes don't really enhance the
gameplay they don't take away from it
either I think if resident evil 4 and
Leon's chapter of Resident Evil 6 were
compared in some kind of competition
Resident Evil 4 in my opinion would win
purely because it was original and for
all the extras and trimmings in Leon's
chapter they really don't enhance the
overall gaming experience like ADA says
more things change the more they stay
the same and that's true the gameplay
here that said there are some good
battle segments here enough puzzles and
exploration to vary up the balance a
little bit are some genuinely tense
moments during play the variety of sets
in this chapter is quite impressive it's
nice to see that the developers didn't
shy away from color or sacrifice style
for realism though the textures models
environment etc are all top notch from
foreboding cemeteries and hellish city
streets in the US and the Orient to
Terra Lake laboratories dark underwater
caverns and spore filled airplanes
falling out of the sky there really are
a wide variety of sand boxes to play in
albeit strictly fenced in sandboxes I
was also really fond of the character
models everyone's hair so envy ibly
shiny and looked as though they belong
to lauriol ad I mean that's not to say
that the character models were hugely
realistic there were realistic things
about them mainly concerning textures
wounds etc but on the whole out class
them all as eye candy which is not a bad
thing and something we have come to
expect from Capcom games anyway there
were quite a few occasions though when
you've run into the same zombie far too
many times but the details of cause and
effect when shooting one more than made
up for it in my opinion so overall this
chapter is dripping in style I would say
but not necessarily in substance but the
chapter doesn't suffer because of it the
music in this chapter is pretty
inconsistent and patchy and I say this
because there are large portions of the
game that don't feature any music at all
but it doesn't necessarily enhance the
experience there since this chapters
lacking in the serious scares department
the tension and atmosphere simply
doesn't make up for the lack of ambient
school when the music does chime in it
can feel like you've stepped from right
into an action blockbuster which always
serves it's a nice backdrop for action
segments cutscenes are also scored with
equally movie s music but I wouldn't
call any of these musical interjects
memorable so the music doesn't really
add too much to the app
fear nor does it reside in the memorable
melody category not the best example of
a video game score so far my favorite
track and most impacting is the main
menu theme and that makes me think of
spider-man for some reason
this chapter for the most part plays
like resident evil 4 after the Uncharted
treatment which is fine by me because I
like both titles just don't expect
blazing originality or tension of the
survival horror variety and you'll be
pleasantly surprised this chapter for
all intents and purposes is a trip down
resident evil force memory lane so if
you liked resident evil 4 you'll most
likely adore this chapter this chapter
includes hours of gameplay though I'd
never refused more time a selection of
impressive boss battles to fight and
arenas to explore pulse pounding action
set to a solid story featuring returning
characters and some cracking new ones
I'm impressed and I can't wait to see
what the next chapters have in store so
those are my personal thoughts on Leon's
chapter of Resident Evil 6 please feel
free to leave your own in the comments
section below and keep your eyes peeled
for my review of Chris's chapter by